# MASTERMIND GAME 

---

# Description
#### Welcome to the Mastermind Game project repository! 
##### This project is an implementation of the classic game Mastermind in the C programming language. Mastermind is an addictive logic game that challenges your intelligence and logical thinking. This project implements the classic version of Mastermind in the C programming language. The player will have to solve a secret code generated by the computer by making sequential guesses. 
---
# Task

##### The main goal of this project is to create an artistic and interactive implementation of the game "Mastermind". Users should be able to play the game, make guesses, and receive feedback until they can successfully crack the secret code or exhaust all attempts.

---

# Usage
##### To start playing Mastermind Game, follow these simple steps:
1. ##### Cloning the Repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/your-username/my_mastermind.git
```
##### Clone the repository to your local computer to get the game's source code.

2. ##### Go to the Project Directory:

```
cd my_mastermind.c
```
##### Go to your project directory to complete the next steps.
3. ##### Compiling and Running the Game:
```
gcc my_mastermind.c -o my_mastermind.my_mastermind
```
##### Compile and run the game using the C compiler. These commands will create an executable file and run the game.
4. ##### Play Mastermind:
- Enter your guesses by following the instructions on the screen.
- Get feedback after each attempt to understand how close your code is to the secret one.
- Continue the game until you crack the code or exhaust all attempts.
5. ##### Game Settings (optional):
- Use command line arguments to configure game settings such as number of rounds and secret code:
```
./my_mastermind -t 10 -c 1234
```
- The -t parameter sets the number of rounds.
- The -c parameter allows you to specify the secret code in four-digit number format without repeating digits.

##### Now you are ready to enjoy the exciting Mastermind game!

---

# Installation

##### To start using the Mastermind game on your local computer, follow these steps:
1. ##### Cloning the Repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/your-username/my_mastermind.git
```
##### Clone the repository to your computer to get the game's source code.

2. Go to the Project Directory:

```
cd my_mastermind
```

##### Go to the project directory where the game code is located.

3. Compilation:
##### gcc my_mastermind.c -o my_mastermind


##### Compile the game code using the C compiler. This command will create the mastermind_game executable.

4. Starting the Game:

```
./my_mastermind
```

##### Launch the game by entering the above command. You can now start playing Mastermind.

5. Play and Enjoy:

* Enter your guesses by following the on-screen instructions.
* Get feedback after every attempt.
* Continue playing until you crack the code or exhaust all attempts.

##### Now you're ready to dive into the exciting world of Mastermind!

---



