## Welcome to my_mastermind

Welcome to my_mastermind! This project allows you to play the classic Mastermind game where you try to guess the secret code generated by the computer.

## Task

The task of this project is to provide an interactive interface for playing the Mastermind game. Users will have the opportunity to guess the secret code generated by the computer within a certain number of attempts.

## Description

This project consists of a C program that implements the Mastermind game. The program generates a random secret code of four digits, each ranging from 0 to 9. The user is then prompted to guess the code. After each guess, the program provides feedback on the correctness of the guess, indicating the number of correctly placed digits (well placed pieces) and the number of correctly guessed digits in the wrong position (missed place pieces). The game continues until the user either correctly guesses the code or exhausts the allowed number of attempts.

## Installation

To run this project, you need a C compiler (such as gcc) and the necessary dependencies installed on your system. Here are the steps to install and run the project:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the directory containing the source code files.
3. Compile the source code using the C compiler. For example:
    ```
    gcc -o my_mastermind my_mastermind.c
    ```
4. Run the compiled executable:
    ```
    ./my_mastermind
    ```

## Usage

To play the Mastermind game, follow these steps:

1. Run the compiled executable as described in the Installation section.
2. You will be prompted to enter your guess for the secret code.
3. Enter a four-digit guess consisting of numbers from 0 to 9.
4. After each guess, the program will provide feedback on the correctness of your guess.
5. Continue guessing until you correctly guess the secret code or exhaust the allowed number of attempts.

Enjoy playing Mastermind!
